update manifest/ readme (#1454)
kubeflow/pipelines: manifests/README.md

TODO

## Disable the public endpoint

> By default, the deployment install an [invert proxy agent](https://github.com/google/inverting-proxy) that exposes a public URL. If you want to skip installing it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the deployment installs a [reverse proxy agent](https://github.com/google/inverting-proxy) that exposes a public URL. If you want to skip installing it,
```
